# HW11

I decided to go with representing the seconds in binary. In the video you'll see I had to seperate the 6 lights into two sections, which visually I would have preferred not to do, but I was having some problems when all 6 lights were lined up next to each other with some lights turning on when they weren't supposed to, which I think was caused by the resistors sometimes touching each other. I also found out through troubleshooting that the breadboard currents seems to be divided horizontally as well as vertically, because lights I tried to put on the half that my Arduino wasn't touching would not turn on. In terms of my code, I'm sure there's some way I could have made it shorter - my thinking is: I have `millis() % 60000` which counts the seconds. To get this just into 0-59 I would have to have a code that could chop off the last 3 digits of the `millis() % 60` output to return only 0-59. Then with that something to convert the number into binary. Then lights could just be assigned to the 0/1 position of each position in the binary number. But I would a) have to turn the binary number result into a string and then have a function that says if the 6th digit in the string is a 0, turn LED5 off, etc. But for the binary numbers under 6 digits, I would have to have some function to add as many 0s in front of the number as needed until the string was 6 digits long. Unfortunately I'm not really familiar enough yet with the Arduino language or how to find things in their documentation to figure this out.
